docs: update README.md (#96)
linkall-labs/docs: README.md

# Vanus Documentation

Welcome to Vanus documentation!👋

[Vanus](https://github.com/linkall-labs/vanus/) is an open-source, cloud-native, Serverless message queue for building EDA applications with Ease.

This repository contains all assets required to build the [Vanus documentation website](https://docs.linkall.com).

## Website

The Vanus documentation website is built using [Docusaurus 2](https://docusaurus.io/).

### Run locally
**npm**
1. `npm install`
2. `npm start`
3. [A browser window](http://localhost:3000/) will open up, pointing to the docs.

**yarn**
1. `yarn install`
2. `yarn start`
3. [A browser window](http://localhost:3000/) will open up, pointing to the docs.

## Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing!

If you want to contribute to the documentation, you can
open an issue or use the `Edit this page` pencil icon on the bottom of each page of
the website.

### Code of Conduct

> Before start contributing, you should take a moment to read the [Vanus code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting your contribution, you should take a moment to read the [Vanus code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```

> ### Contributing guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Contributions guide
```

Author: We usually use Contributing guide in project.
